Graphs:
	1. group of vertices and edges that are used to connect these vertices
	2. Cyclic tree, where vertices(Nodes) maintain any complex relationship, instead of having parent child relationship
Terminology:
	Path - sequence of nodes that are followed in order to reach some terminal node V from the initial node U
	Closed Path - if the initial node is same as terminal node. A path will be closed path if V0=VN
	Simple Path - If all the nodes of the graph are distinct with an exception V0=VN
	Cycle - path which has no repeated edges or vertices except the first and last vertices
	Connected Graph - some path exists between every two vertices (u, v) in V
	Complete Graph - every node is connected with all other nodes { n(n-1)/2 - edges }
	Digraph - directed graph with some direction and the traversing can be done only in the specified direction
	Degree of the Node - number of edges that are connected with that node. A node with degree 0 is called as isolated node.
--------------------------------------------------
Graphical Representations: (Technique used to store some graph into the computer's memory)
1. Sequential Representation  (n x n)
	Adjacency matrix to store the mapping represented by vertices and edges
2. Linked Representation
	Adjacency list is used to store the Graph into the computer's memory
--------------------------------------------------
Graph Traversal Algorithm:
1. Breadth First Search
	Starts traversing the graph from root node and explores all the neighbouring nodes
	Then, it selects the nearest node and explore all the unexplored nodes
	Same process for each of the nearest node until it finds the goal
Applications:
	1. Shortest Path and Minimum Spanning Tree for unweighted graph
	2. Peer to Peer Networks. In Peer to Peer Networks like BitTorrent, Breadth First Search is used to find all neighbor nodes
	3. Crawlers in Search Engines: Crawlers build index using Breadth First.
		The idea is to start from source page and follow all links from source and keep doing same
		Depth First Traversal can also be used for crawlers, but the advantage with Breadth First Traversal is,
			depth or levels of the built tree can be limited
	4. GPS Navigation systems: Breadth First Search is used to find all neighboring locations.
	
2. Depth First Search
	Starts with the initial node of the graph G
	Then goes to deeper and deeper 
	Until we find the goal node or the node which has no children
Applications:
	1. For a weighted graph, DFS traversal of the graph produces the minimum spanning tree and all pair shortest path tree.
	2. Detecting cycle in a graph, A graph has cycle if and only if we see a back edge during DFS
	3. Solving puzzles with only one solution, such as mazes
	
--------------------------------------------------
Spanning Tree:
	Tree (not contain any cycle) that can be created from the given graph G would have the same number of vertices
	but the number of edges in the spanning tree would be equal to the number of vertices in the graph minus 1
